https://www.hackthissite.org/playlevel/5/
https://www.hackthissite.org/missions/realistic/5/

Description:
  Damn Telemarketers!
  Telemarketers are invading people's privacy and peace and quiet. Get the password for the administrative section 
  of the site to delete their database and return the privacy of their victims!
  Difficulty rating: Moderate.

  From: spiffomatic64

  Message: Yo! This is Spiffomatic64 from Hackthissite.org! I'm a bit of a hacker myself as you can see, but I 
    recently came upon a problem I couldn't resolve.....
    Lately I've been getting calls day and night from the telemarketing place. I've gone to their website and 
    hacked it once deleting all of their phone numbers so they wouldn't call me anymore. That was a temporary 
    fix but they put their database back up, this time with an encrypted password. When I hacked them I noticed 
    everything they used was 10 years out of date and the new password seems to be a 'message digest'. I have 
    done some research and I think it could be something like a so-called hash value. I think you could somehow 
    reverse engineer it or brute force it. I also think it would be a good idea to look around the server for 
    anything that may help you.


Solution:
  We are presented with a the telemarketers site, which has a few links.  My first thoughts is to start reviewing 
  the page source for each page.
 
  Main.htm
    Nothing that stands out.

  News.htm
    Nothing that stands out.

  submit.html
    Goes to a password page.  Looking at the source we see that the page submits to an admin.php file in the secred subdirectory. 
    I tried loading just the subdirectory.  That directory is not protected, and shows the contents.  I see the admin.php file
    as well as an admin.bak.php file.  Let's load the bak file...

  secret/admin.bak.php
    This page returns only the following:
      error matching hash 3915b43dd44e43a43af9216fbd7f9f72

    Let's try to decreypt that hash.  Hmm...  No luck.  Everything says it is not a valid hash.  Let's try it as the password,
    instead.  No luck there...  Let's continue checking links from the main page.

  contact.htm
    This page appears to just have some email links, nothing useful.

  robots.txt
    This shows us the previously found secret directory, as well as a lib directory.  Let's check that.

  /lib
    This has another file called hash.  That should be very useful. Looking at this file it appears to be a c file.
    So let's grab it and see what it does.

    No luck, but we do see that there is a reference to the hash being MD4.  LEt's try to decrypt it again as an MD4.


    
